# Multiroids
Extremely original game! Trust me!<br>
You can check out the design document [here](https://github.com/TomSavas/Multiroids/tree/master/design).
## Technology
The plan is to use C++ for this game as it is pretty much an industry standard for game development.<br>
I don't want to use anything over the top so we should stick pretty simple/standard tools:
+ `cmake` for building
+ `googletest` for testing
+ `OpenGL` for graphics
+ `jenkins` for automated testing 
+ `protobuf`(?) as a data protocol for client-server communication

## Code goals
First off the game has to be based on Entity Component System (ECS) just because I'm interested in learning this
architecture.

Aside from that these are the main goals:
+ The game has to be as small as possible
+ It has to be fairly performant
+ No graphical assets should be sprites, they should all be generated by shaders or what not
+ Have a fairly decent code coverage (>80% ?)
+ If we have physics - physics simulation via compute shaders
+ Fairly performant client-server communication

## Organization
I would love to keep this project as clean as possible. Thus I propose to use feature branch workflow.
For the branches I suggest to use these keywords:
+ feature - self explanatory
+ bugfix - self explanatory
+ improvement - refactoring, optimization, formatting, etc.

Whenever a developer opens up a pull request it should be reviewed by at least one other developer to encourage
knowledge sharing and self-improvement of the developers. 

All tasks should be noted in the issues. And all features/improvements/bugfixes should only be carried out if they
are recorded in the issues.

### Quick note on testing
If we have a new issue opened up for a bug. Before fixing the bug, we should write a test to reproduce that bug and
only then fix the bug itself.

